README.md, before:

# *Travel With Friends*

## Summary
Travel With Friends is a new travel app that allows you to plan your vacations with your friends. From picking a location, to voting on where to stay and what to do, we have you covered. No longer will it just be one person who is in charge of planning everything. Each person in your travel group will now have their fair say to make your trip the best that it can be.

## User Stories

The **core** functionality:

- [ ] Users can view a list of past and upcoming trips sorted by date.
- [ ] Users can add and plan upcoming trips.
- [ ] Users can add multiple destinations to a trip.
- [ ] Users can add travel friends to a trip.
- [ ] Users and their travel friends can save places, activities, restaurants and accommodations they have interest on.
- [ ] Users and their travel friends can vote on which saved places, restaurants and accommodations in finalizing their itinerary.
- [ ] Users and their travel friends can keep track of the overall and individual costs as well as balance amount paid/owed in local and home currency for each plan (tickets, hotels, rentals, etc) in their itinerary.
- [ ] Everything in the trip planning is synced up between users and their travel friends (via Realm.io).
- [ ] A user can withdraw from a trip. The app automatically removes the trip from the user's list and makes adjustment to the saved interests, votes and costs.
- [ ] Users can invite a friend to download the app.

The **optional** functionality:

- [ ] Users can view their travel friends' individual activities on the trip. As an example, user A can see flights schedule of user B who is joining from a different city/country.
- [ ] Users can share their trips anonymously for other users to get inspiration from.
- [ ] Users can get recommendation based on their budget and travel region.
- [ ] Users can view and step through the trip itinerary chronologically in a table and map view.



## License

Copyright [2017] [Travel Buddy]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add a video walkthrough from week 6 and update README.

README.md, after:

# *Travel With Friends*

## Summary
Travel With Friends is a new travel app that allows you to plan your vacations with your friends. From picking a location, to voting on where to stay and what to do, we have you covered. No longer will it just be one person who is in charge of planning everything. Each person in your travel group will now have their fair say to make your trip the best that it can be.

## User Stories

The **core** functionality:

- [x] Users can view a list of past and upcoming trips sorted by date.
- [x] Users can add and plan upcoming trips.
- [x] Users can add multiple destinations to a trip.
- [x] Users can add travel friends to a trip.
- [ ] Users and their travel friends can save places, activities, restaurants and accommodations they have interest on.
- [ ] Users and their travel friends can vote on which saved places, restaurants and accommodations in finalizing their itinerary.
- [ ] Users and their travel friends can keep track of the overall and individual costs as well as balance amount paid/owed in local and home currency for each plan (tickets, hotels, rentals, etc) in their itinerary.
- [ ] Everything in the trip planning is synced up between users and their travel friends (via Realm.io).
- [ ] A user can withdraw from a trip. The app automatically removes the trip from the user's list and makes adjustment to the saved interests, votes and costs.
- [x] Users can invite a friend to download the app.

The **optional** functionality:

- [ ] Users can view their travel friends' individual activities on the trip. As an example, user A can see flights schedule of user B who is joining from a different city/country.
- [ ] Users can share their trips anonymously for other users to get inspiration from.
- [ ] Users can get recommendation based on their budget and travel region.
- [ ] Users can view and step through the trip itinerary chronologically in a table and map view.




## Videos Walkthrough

Here are videos walkthrough of implemented user stories:

- Week 6:
<img src='Travel%20With%20Friends%20Demo/travel-with-friends-week6.gif' title='Video Walkthrough - Week 6' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough - Week 6' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).




## License

Copyright [2017] [Travel Buddy]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
